Update README (#7)
AstarNetwork/swanky-node: README.md

# Swanky Node :sunglasses:

Swanky node is a Substrate based blockchain configured to enable `pallet-contracts` (a smart contract module) and more features to help WASM smart contract development locally.

## Features
- pallet-contracts (polkadot-0.9.19) and its unstable-feature are enabled by default.
- `grandpa` & `aura` consensus were removed. Instead, `instant-seal` & `manual-seal` are used.
  Blocks are authored (1) as soon as a transaction get in the pool (2) when `engine_createBlock` RPC called.
  Blocks are finalized when `engine_finalizeBlock` RPC called.

> - dApps staking and ChainExtension to interact with it.

Reviewer: dApp staking pallet you mean ? + maybe add a link to the Astar Frame repo of the pallet

ink_storage = { tag = "v3.0.1", git = "https://github.com/paritytech/ink", default-features = false }
ink_lang = { tag = "v3.0.1", git = "https://github.com/paritytech/ink", default-features = false }
ink_prelude = { tag = "v3.0.1", git = "https://github.com/paritytech/ink", default-features = false }
​
scale = { package = "parity-scale-codec", version = "3", default-features = false, features = ["derive"] }
scale-info = { version = "2", default-features = false, features = ["derive"], optional = true }
```

## Installation
### Download Binary
The easiest way is to download a binary release from [Release Page](https://github.com/AstarNetwork/swanky-node/releases)

### Build Locally
First, complete the [basic Rust setup instructions](./docs/rust-setup.md).
After that, you can build node via
```bash
cargo build --release
```

### Embedded Docs :book:

Once the project has been built, the following command can be used to explore all parameters and
subcommands:

```bash
./target/release/swanky-node -h
```

## Usage
This command will start the single-node development chain with persistent state.
```bash
./target/release/swanky-node
```

> If you want to run node with non-persist chain state mode, use tmp option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run the node with non-persistent mode, use tmp option.
```

```
./target/release/swanky-node --tmp
# or
./target/release/swanky-node --dev
```

Purge the development chain's state.
```bash
./target/release/swanky-node purge-chain
```

> Development **alice** account will be authority and sudo account as declared in the
> [genesis state](https://github.com/AstarNetwork/swanky-node/blob/main/node/src/chain_spec.rs#L44).
> At the same time the following accounts will be pre-funded:
> - Alice
> - Bob
> - Charlie
> - Dave
> - Eve
> - Ferdie
> - Alice//stash
> - Bob//stash
> - Charlie//stash
> - Dave//stash
> - Eve//stash
> - Ferdie//stash

### Show only Errors and Contract Debug Output
To have only errors and contract debug output show up on the console you can supply `-lerror,runtime::contracts=debug` when starting the node.

Important: Debug output is only printed for RPC calls or off-chain tests ‒ not for transactions.

> See ink! FAQ for more details: How do I print something to the console from the runtime?.

Reviewer: Link ?
